The data anonymization script is now complete! This implementation provides a comprehensive solution for anonymizing sensitive data in CSV files while preserving the format and character count of all fields. Let me explain the key features and how to use the tool:
Features

Format Preservation: Each field keeps the same format and character count as the original. For example, phone numbers keep their exact format (like parentheses and dashes) but with different numbers.
One-to-One Mapping: The same input value always maps to the same anonymized value, ensuring data consistency across files.
Reversible Anonymization: All transformations can be reversed using the mapping file, allowing you to recover original data when needed.
Support for All Snowflake SQL Data Types:

UUIDs
Strings (including names, addresses)
Emails
Phone numbers
IP addresses
Dates and timestamps (shifted by a consistent amount)
Numeric types (integers, floats)
Boolean values
Geographic coordinates
JSON data
Binary data


Intelligent Type Detection: Automatically identifies data types based on column names and content patterns.
Batch Processing: Process multiple files in a single operation.

Usage Examples
Basic Anonymization
bashCopypython data_anonymizer.py anonymize customer_data.csv anonymized_data.csv
This will:

Detect column types automatically
Create anonymized data with the same format
Save a mapping file for later de-anonymization

De-anonymization
bashCopypython data_anonymizer.py deanonymize anonymized_data.csv restored_data.csv --mapping anonymized_data_mapping.pkl
This will:

Use the mapping file to restore the original values
Generate a restored CSV file identical to the original

Batch Processing
bashCopypython data_anonymizer.py batch-anonymize input_data/ anonymized_data/ --mapping combined_mapping.pkl
This will:

Process all CSV files in the input directory
Save anonymized files to the output directory
Create a single mapping file for all transformations

Customizing Column Types
You can create a JSON file to specify exact types for columns:
jsonCopy{
  "customer_id": "uuid",
  "phone_number": "phone",
  "email": "email",
  "signup_date": "datetime",
  "customer_name": "name"
}
Then use it with:
bashCopypython data_anonymizer.py anonymize input.csv output.csv --column-types column_types.json
Notable Implementation Details

Character Count Preservation: For each data type, the anonymization preserves the exact character count and format of the original value.
Timestamp Shifting: All date/time values are shifted by the same amount (stored in the mapping), which maintains relative temporal relationships.
Format Detection: The tool detects and preserves various formats like phone numbers with different formats (international, with parentheses, etc.).
JSON Handling: For more complex structures, the tool recursively processes each element while maintaining the structure.
Seed Support: You can set a random seed for reproducible anonymization.

This tool should work well for your LLM data loading requirement, as it allows you to anonymize sensitive data while maintaining the same structure and format that the model can work with, all while protecting the actual sensitive information.